id,level,name,type,short_description,description,unlock_description
0,0,Archer,Physical attack,"Attack both ground and air enemies, dealing physical damage.","Attack both ground and air enemies, dealing physical damage.",Level 1 Archer Unlocked!
0,1,Archer,Physical attack,Bronze arrows help improve attack range and enhance damage.,Bronze arrows help improve attack range and enhance damage.,Level 2 Archer Unlocked!
0,2,Archer,Physical attack,"Equip Archer with Steel arrows, further enhancing damage.","Equip Archer with Steel arrows, further enhancing damage.",Level 3 Archer Unlocked!
0,3,Archer,Physical attack,"Enhancing bows, raising attack speed.","Enhancing bows, raising attack speed.",Level 4 Archer Unlocked! @Ultimate Upgrade!
0,4,Archer,Physical attack,Silver arrows dealing massive damage.,Silver arrows dealing massive damage.,Level 5 Archer Unlocked! @Ultimate Upgrade!
1,0,Infantry,Physical attack,Common warriors with heavy armor that can block enemies' path.,Common warriors with heavy armor that can block enemies' path.,Level 1 Infantry Unlocked!
1,1,Infantry,Physical attack,Trained warriors with bronze armor and weapon.,Trained warriors with bronze armor and weapon.,Level 2 Infantry Unlocked!
1,2,Infantry,Physical attack,Experienced warriors with steel armor and weapon.,Experienced warriors with steel armor and weapon.,Level 3 Infantry Unlocked!
1,3,Infantry,Physical attack,Veteran warriors with silver armor and weapon.,Veteran warriors with silver armor and weapon.,Level 4 Infantry Unlocked! @Ultimate Upgrade!
1,4,Infantry,Physical attack,"Warriors now can hide to ambush enemies, avoiding ranged damages.","Warriors now can hide to ambush enemies, avoiding ranged damages.",Level 5 Infantry Unlocked! @Ultimate Upgrade!
2,0,Canonneer,Physical attack,Small AoE damage that is effective to ground-based enemies.,Small AoE damage that is effective to ground-based enemies.,Level 1 Cannoneer Unlocked!
2,1,Canonneer,Physical attack,Medium AoE damage that is effective to ground-based enemies.,Medium AoE damage that is effective to ground-based enemies.,Level 2 Cannoneer Unlocked!
2,2,Canonneer,Physical attack,High AoE damage that is effective to ground-based enemies.,High AoE damage that is effective to ground-based enemies.,Level 3 Cannoneer Unlocked!
2,3,Canonneer,Physical attack,"Throws lava boulders to ground-based enemies, dealing massive damage.","Throws lava boulders to ground-based enemies, dealing massive damage.",Level 4 Cannoneer Unlocked! @Ultimate Upgrade!
2,4,Canonneer,Physical attack,"Creates a static field around the area, slowing down enemies.","Creates a static field around the area, slowing down enemies.",Level 5 Cannoneer Unlocked! @Ultimate Upgrade!
3,0,Magic Dragon,Magical attack,Deals penetrating damage to both ground-based and flying units.,Deals penetrating damage to both ground-based and flying units.,Level 1 Magic Dragon Unlocked!
3,1,Magic Dragon,Magical attack,"Fires an extra sphere, dealing medium magical damage.","Fires an extra sphere, dealing medium magical damage.",Level 2 Magic Dragon Unlocked!
3,2,Magic Dragon,Magical attack,Fully-grown dragon with higher damage and attack range.,Fully-grown dragon with higher damage and attack range.,Level 3 Magic Dragon Unlocked!
3,3,Magic Dragon,Magical attack,Thousand years old dragon with massive strength and special skills.,Thousand years old dragon with massive strength and special skills.,Level 4 Magic Dragon Unlocked! @Ultimate Upgrade!
3,4,Magic Dragon,Magical attack,"Fires a laser beam in a straight line, damaging all enemies it touches.","Fires a laser beam in a straight line, damaging all enemies it touches.",Level 5 Magic Dragon Unlocked! @Ultimate Upgrade!
4,0,Priest,Gold Generator,Generates 10 Gold in 10 second. ,Generates 10 Gold in 10 second.,Level 1 Supporter Unlocked!
4,1,Priest,Gold Generator,Generates 25 Gold in 10 second. ,Generates 25 Gold in 10 second. ,Level 2 Supporter Unlocked!
4,2,Priest,Gold Generator,Generates 35 Gold in 10 second. ,Generates 35 Gold in 10 second. ,Level 3 Supporter Unlocked!
4,3,Priest,Gold Generator,Generates 45 Gold in 10 second. ,Generates 45 Gold in 10 second. ,Level 4 Priest Unlocked! @Ultimate Upgrade!
4,4,Priest,Gold Generator,Generates 45 Gold in 10 second. ,Generates 45 Gold in 10 second. ,Level 5 Supporter Unlocked! @Ultimate Upgrade!
